# Corner-Grocer
Corner Grocer is a tracking program designed to record and analyze customer items purchased in the Corner Grocer store throughout the day. The program has four main options, which provide different functionalities. The program requires the user to input a file containing the list of items purchased and the number of times each item appears in the input file. The program will then create a backup file that will store every item. 

What I did well was writing a simple code that kept the main menu clean and easy to use. What I could have done better was continue to improve the code to help with neatness and readability. It did not have many comment lines and it was difficult to navigate the code if I needed to fix a specific issue. The piece of code that I found the most difficult to write was the code to get the program to read the initial file containing the list of items purchased. Once, I found the resolution, the overall code was simple to put together. 

I believe that all the skills that I have learned in this class will be transferrable to other projects. This is the first program that I have written to be able to read information and create a backup file to store information. It was a difficult concept to wrap my head around, but overall the course was well worth the time invested. I tried to make the program maintainable and readable through proper line spacing, but I think it would have been more effective to leave comments in between to note transitions.
